this is Jayden from steamy kitchen calm
I'll show you how to make coconut curry
shrimp and coconut rice this is a recipe
from a book called flavors of Belize and
it's so incredibly simple this is
actually a Creole recipe and belizean
Creole is very different than the
Louisiana Creole that were used to here
in the United States the Belizean Creole
of course is from the Caribbean and they
feature flavors like lots and lots of
coconut and this is one of their
signature dishes the base of the curry
dish is coconut milk but it also uses
coconut I'm sorry it uses curry powder
and card ground cardamom as well as salt
and pepper to give it so much flavor
there's onions there's green bell
peppers fresh tomatoes and of course
giant luscious shrimp doesn't this
remind you of an amazing tropical
Caribbean dish and the rice is just
regular rice but instead of just using
water to boil the rice we use coconut
milk you can have this for dinner in 20
minutes
this is regular white rice you can use
either jasmine rice or buz Motty rice
both work really well add coconut milk
and salt top it off with some water and
the exact measurements are always in the
written recipe once it comes to a simmer
you're gonna turn the leat heat to low
cover and just let it cook for about 20
minutes that's it for the rice okay for
the curry shrimp in a saute pan add some
oil and wait till it's hot now you're
gonna add in the onions the green bell
pepper and give it a good saute for a
couple minutes until everything is just
a little softened now add the garlic and
the ginger and the reason why I add it
now is because I don't want it to burn
throwing in the tomatoes and now the
curry powder ground cardamom a Creole
recipe is complete without a dash of
Caribbean hot sauce season with salt and
pepper
and now it's time to add the raw shrimp
I like using big fat giant shrimp add
that to the pan and stir everything
pretty well together the shrimp will
begin to change color and now you're
going to add in the coconut milk and
chicken stock stir everything together
and let it come to a simmer
once the shrimp is cooked through the
dish is done this curry dish really only
takes about seven minutes to create
start to finish the rice is done now
take a look it's fluffy the grains are
separate and serve them together you
will love this dish for the full written
recipe or if you have any questions at
all head over to steamy kitchen comm /
119 if you love my video recipes make
sure you subscribe to my youtube channel
thank you my brand new cookbook steamy
kitchens healthy Asian favorites just
came out I hope you have a chance to
pick up a copy there is over 100 Asian
recipes that are easy they're healthy
they're good for you Plus tons of photos